CARE RIDE TRANSPORTATION — DEVELOPER HANDOFF
Export date: September 25, 2026
Live reference: https://care-ride.ali-mohsin12340.chatgpt.site
Published version: 3
Source commit: 0fd891fc8d10bddbc509fc9f52f6cdc0cf8cd822

START HERE
This is the editable website source, not a WordPress theme or a single HTML
file. Give this entire ZIP to the developer. Extract it before installing.
The live website has not been changed or transferred by creating this export.

INCLUDED
All main pages, service-detail pages, logo and vehicle images, local fonts,
interactive geographic coverage map, loading animation, responsive styling,
callback form and server API, staff inbox, database schema/migration,
dependency lockfile, build scripts, and existing third-party license notices.
The source snapshot matches published version 3. MANIFEST.json lists SHA-256
checksums for all exported files other than the manifest itself.

STACK AND LOCAL SETUP
React 19 / TypeScript, Vinext (Next-compatible application running on Vite),
Cloudflare Workers, Cloudflare D1, Drizzle, and Tailwind CSS.
Use Node.js 22.13.0 or newer and pnpm 11.25.0 (the pinned package manager).
From the extracted care-ride-website folder:

  pnpm install --frozen-lockfile
  pnpm dev

The portable dev script selects port 5173. Use the address printed by the
server. The exported checkout has no machine-specific execution profile;
scripts/execution-profile.mjs defaults to portable in this case.

  pnpm exec tsc --noEmit --incremental false
  pnpm build

The existing source passed TypeScript and the managed Cloudflare-compatible
build before version 3 was published. This source ZIP has been integrity-
checked; a fresh installation on another machine has not been tested.

HOSTING AND DATABASE
This is a server-backed app, not an upload-and-open static HTML site.
The current host supplies a Cloudflare D1 binding named DB. Database structure
is in db/schema.ts and drizzle/0000_special_iron_patriot.sql. A new host needs
a database provisioned and this migration applied before the callback form
can save requests. No production records or local test records are included.
The all-zero database ID in vite.config.ts is a local placeholder, not a
production database. Configure real bindings for the destination environment.
Keep the migration unchanged when applying it to a fresh database.

The original .openai/hosting.json identifies the existing Sites project.
It is retained as source context, not a credential or permission grant.
Changing hosting requires adapting the deployment configuration and bindings;
pnpm build alone does not connect a new hosting account or domain. A generic
shared PHP/WordPress hosting plan cannot run this project unchanged.

STAFF AUTHENTICATION — REQUIRED FOR A MOVE
app/chatgpt-auth.ts relies on identity headers supplied by the current Sites
trusted authentication gateway. Outside that gateway, replace or securely
integrate this authentication before exposing /staff or the callback API.
Never trust identity headers supplied directly by public visitors.
lib/staff.ts has an explicit owner email allowlist. Retain server-side
protection for every API read, update, and deletion. The portable local
sign-in mock uses a test identity, which is intentionally not a production
staff member. Real staff access needs the proper hosted authentication.
Do not make the inbox public to get past a sign-in problem.

FEATURE NOTES / REMAINING BUSINESS WORK
- Callback submissions request a call; they do not reserve a ride.
- Email/SMS notifications are not configured. Staff must review the inbox.
- The Privacy page currently covers callback requests only. The owner plans
  to provide a fuller policy later for RingCentral SMS registration.
- The current consent checkbox authorizes calls only. SMS terms, a suitable
  consent flow, consent records, and RingCentral approval remain future work.
- Hero scenes are AI-created illustrative images with animated pans and
  crossfades, not footage of real company vehicles or patients.
- The map uses local NYS ITS geographic boundary data. Credits appear on the
  site and in lib/coverage-geometry.ts. Route lines are illustrative.
- Coverage is all Long Island plus Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn, and the Bronx,
  as confirmed by the owner. Individual trips require confirmation.
- Native page links and the native mobile menu intentionally remain usable
  without JavaScript. Preserve that behavior when making changes.

WHERE TO EDIT
app/page.tsx                    Homepage
app/about/page.tsx              About
app/services/                  Services and detail pages
app/service-area/page.tsx       Coverage page
components/coverage-map.tsx     Map controls and coverage copy
lib/coverage-geometry.ts        Local geographic shapes
components/hero-journey.tsx     AI-image scene animation
components/site-motion.tsx      Logo loading transitions
components/site-chrome.tsx      Header, navigation, footer
app/globals.css                 Design and responsive styles
lib/content.ts                 Service descriptions and FAQ
app/privacy/page.tsx            Current callback privacy text
components/callback-form.tsx    Callback form
app/api/callback-requests/      Callback API
app/staff/                      Staff inbox page
public/                        Logos, images, local fonts, favicon

EXCLUDED
Git history, installed dependencies, build caches, compiled bundles,
credentials, environment-secret files, accounts, domain ownership,
production database contents, and local test data. Hosting access and any
production data transfer must be handled separately by the owner.
